hey guys it's me Tuscan we're three and
I'm here for another webkinz signature
collection video that you guys all
requested because I do one every year
anyways let's just go over the normal
stuff in case you guys don't know right
now I'd now the webkinz in this video
are for sale or trade or giving away so
if you click on this video looking for a
trade I suggest you click off I don't
really care if you use the same name as
my webkinz a name is for everyone
there's no copyright on the name so use
it if you please I don't care I know I'm
gonna get these comments so I might as
well answer them in advance I don't know
where I got my webkinz most of them I
got off of ebay or amazon a very few I
got in stores if you're looking for one
yourself you're gonna have to go to ebay
because stores don't carry signatures
anymore
since they've been discontinued now
before I get too spoiled comments cuz
you know I will for five years five
years of collecting will do this to you
and also I did pay for like all but two
or three of my signatures two or three
that I didn't pay for were under $30 or
we got them in a store or something so
it's not like it's a big bunch of money
you just want to say that because people
are still gonna call me spoiled even
though I make my own money and pay for
my own stuff and the order right in the
order I tried to order these fail it's
feel like there's some miscellaneous
which is only one that's reckoned then
they have the wild dogs yes I know a fox
is a dog it's still stuck in my mind
that they're related to cats for some
reason I had that in my head when I was
a kid and I can't get it out I'm sorry
okay so the wild dogs domestic dogs
small signature dogs sinks you're
dangered cats big cats might doubles and
then house cats and small sinks are cats
that's the order
okay now without further ado even though
there's already been a ton let's
actually get on into the collection
video I don't care people say I'm still
gonna show the touch tags and don't make
fun of me for heightened touch tags it's
the way I speak I was brought up
differently than most people this is
cyclone
I see sure woodland raccoon here is
Celia my smell signature Fox the fabled
Shia my thing is your arctic fox Delilah
my sings your endangered red wolf who
doesn't have a touch tag Toby my
sanction timber wolf who was my second
signature and doesn't have a touchdown
eater
Savannah my signature African wild dog
max my sanctuary Shepherd he was my
fourth signature and doesn't have a
touch tag Maggie my other signature
German Shepherd Luke my signature
Siberian Husky Nala my signature
Siberian Husky Sundance missing shoe
yellow Labrador Retriever Roxy my
signature Burmese Mountain Dog tally my
signature golden retriever Brighton my
singer miniature dachshund Maisie my
signature Australian Shepherd Huston my
signature border terrier Boston my
signature bull terrier take up my thing
sure German Shorthaired Pointer Charles
my signature chow-chow Lulu my signature
Labradoodle Jenny my small signature
German Shepherd Shiloh my small
signature beagle Millie my small
signature golden retriever who does
habitus tag brand in that my small
sanction black lab doesn't have it
tag Dame's micing sure endangered
spotted Jaguar Clara my sanctuary
endangered cotton leopard tiger the late
my future endangered Bengal tiger who
was my fifth signature and doesn't have
a touch tag sage by things are
endangered cougar Kelly I say sure
endangered Iberian lynx who doesn't have
a dish tag Duma may seem true cheetah
who is my third signature and does have
a touch tag Kyle my signature Snow
Leopard aquí de la my signature Snow
Leopard full white winged my signature
white Bengal tiger in white store the
signature white Bengal tiger drew my
signature white Bengal tiger Sierra the
signature Ocelot ash signature Siamese
cat and Marie the signature Siamese cat
is me this
I need that James signature marble cat
Kali is hitting Chicago cat who was my
first signature and doesn't have a touch
tag
Coco my signature calico cat lacy the
signature calico cat Kylie the signature
behind on Mac Buster the signature
orange tabby cat Jasper the signature
bangle pat morita small signature
Persian cat who does not have a Tish tag
max and a small signature tuxedo cat who
does not have a fish tag lastly amber
the small signature gray tabby cat so
that's it for this collection video and
so help me if you make me think of
adding this if you're wondering my
current total of signatures is 49 nine
is the worst number case it doesn't need
me said why you know why night is the
worst number in the entire world
so anyways I just rambled right there
let's just go ahead and end this video
off so I'll see you guys in the next one
later